Add option to not seed group members (#18)
majewsky/portunus: README.md

        "ldap": { "can_read": true }
      },
      "posix_gid": 101
    },
    {
      "name": "member-team",
      "long_name": "Portunus Members",

>       "dont_manage_members": true,

Reviewer: Docs need to be adjusted for updated variable naming:

```suggestion
      "manage_members": false,
```

| `groups` | list of objects | List of statically defined groups. |
| `groups[].name` | string | *Required.* The unique identifying name of the group. |
| `groups[].long_name` | string | *Required.* The human-readable descriptive name of the group. |

> | `groups[].manage_members` | bool | Do not manage members of this group. This is useful if only the group should be created statically. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groups[].manage_members` | bool | Actively set the members of this group to exactly those named in the seed. Defaults to `true`. Set this to `false` if you want to manage group membership interactively. |
```

> | `groups[].dont_manage_members` | bool | Do not manage members of this group. This is useful if only the group should be created statically. |

Reviewer: Double negation causes confusion and should be avoided. Instead of `"dont_manage_members": true`, I'd rather want `"manage_members": false`. A default value of true can be realized by making the bool field a pointer member and interpreting `nil` as true.

Author: That's what I was missing
